What does adding that transformed because
ultimately when I've been running it,
it does exactly the same thing.
What were you saying the trends
in adding the transform?
>> So if the transform here,
which is this line,
turns these chunks of data into uppercase.
So that's what this example does.
Is it just-
>> No-
>> Don't you have the same thing or-
>> I think he means the core versus the-
>> Yeah, well, the core versus-
>> Yeah, so it does the same thing,
it's meant to be the same.
It's just more of like a comparison of
using core stream versus userland 32
package.
>> Okay, so that transform-
>> Use whichever
one-
>> Object is basically what you could use
in the core package rather than-
>> Yes.
>> The 32 package.
>> Yeah, I like the 32 one a little
bit better cuz it's more terse, but
the core one is fine, too.
Use whichever one you like the best.
But you should readable stream, instead
of core stream because if you don't,
it will come to bite you eventually.
[LAUGH] There's a great blog post by
Rod Vagg about exactly that problem.
[LAUGH]
>> Why does node continue to have their
own, like if that's a better way, then
shouldn't node just be like, use userland.
Yes-
>> I agree.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Wouldn't that be good?
[LAUGH] But that's not the world
that we live in, it seems.
>> Because I guess if they did that,
then it would break [LAUGH] everything
that uses the core said there.
>> Yeah, everything can just stop, stop.
[LAUGH]
>> Stop supporting it.
>> Yeah, just like babysit
the versions of VA, I don't know.
That would be, I don't know,
people will always wanna change stuff and
you've always gotta deal with
different kinds of like,
something is never gonna
be perfect as well.
So change is kind of inevitable, but
at least by using userland packages,
you're sort of shielded
from a lot of that change.
So that's why I highly recommend using
userland packages wherever possible,
even for things like query string cuz
that also had some changes over time.
You can make more guarantees about
the versions of these things that people
are going to have when they
install it no matter what version
of node they're running.
Okay, so there are some questions on
the chat, I guess, that I can answer.
So one of them is about if you want
to close this stream, what do you do?
So this gets in a little bit to some
notes that I have later on about
paused mode versus flow mode streams.
So I think that we'll be able to,
maybe that upcoming section
should address that question.
There are ways to destroy
streams sometimes.
Sometimes, streams provide a destroy
method, but usually it's not required.
And then another thing
is if you're piping,
how do other transform
functions know you're closed?
They don't have to is the question or
is the is the answer.
So yeah, but
I'll get into that a bit more later.
So